com/example/qqmusic/downLoad/LoadInfo.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.LoadInfo
com/example/qqmusic/activity/thirdActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.thirdActivity
com/example/qqmusic/adapter/VerticalAdappter.java
 com.example.qqmusic.adapter.VerticalAdappter
 com.example.qqmusic.adapter.VerticalAdappter$verticalviewholder
com/example/qqmusic/adapter/ImageAdapter.java
 com.example.qqmusic.adapter.ImageAdapter
com/example/qqmusic/fragment/downFragment.java
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.downFragment
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.downFragment$1
com/example/qqmusic/Server/MusicService.java
 com.example.qqmusic.Server.MusicService
 com.example.qqmusic.Server.MusicService$1
 com.example.qqmusic.Server.MusicService$MusicControl
com/example/qqmusic/fragment/musicFragment.java
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.musicFragment
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.musicFragment$1
com/example/qqmusic/MusicService.java
 com.example.qqmusic.MusicService
 com.example.qqmusic.MusicService$MusicControl
com/example/qqmusic/playerfragment/singerActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.singerActivity
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.singerActivity$1
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.singerActivity$MyAdapter
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.singerActivity$ViewHolder
com/example/qqmusic/adapter/SingerAdapter.java
 com.example.qqmusic.adapter.SingerAdapter
com/example/qqmusic/DownLoadListener.java
 com.example.qqmusic.DownLoadListener
com/example/qqmusic/downFragment/Fragment_first.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downFragment.Fragment_first
com/example/qqmusic/fragment/Fragment_thrid.java
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.Fragment_thrid
com/example/qqmusic/settings/TXActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.settings.TXActivity
 com.example.qqmusic.settings.TXActivity$1
com/example/qqmusic/downLoad/DBHelper.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.DBHelper
com/example/qqmusic/helper/MySQLiteHelper.java
 com.example.qqmusic.helper.MySQLiteHelper
com/example/qqmusic/activity/firstActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.firstActivity
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.firstActivity$1
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.firstActivity$OnClickControl
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.firstActivity$OnSeekBarChangeControl
com/example/qqmusic/fragment/Fragment_second.java
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.Fragment_second
com/example/qqmusic/fragment/playerFragment.java
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.playerFragment
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.playerFragment$1
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.playerFragment$2
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.playerFragment$TimerRunnable
com/example/qqmusic/playerfragment/ad_1.java
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.ad_1
com/example/qqmusic/adapter/MyFragmentPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.qqmusic.adapter.MyFragmentPagerAdapter
com/example/qqmusic/downLoad/Downloader.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.Downloader
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.Downloader$MyThread
com/example/qqmusic/fragment/settingsFragment.java
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.settingsFragment
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.settingsFragment$1
com/example/qqmusic/playerfragment/playerActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.playerActivity
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.playerActivity$1
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.playerActivity$2
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.playerActivity$MyServiceConn
com/example/qqmusic/downLoad/DownloadInfo.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.DownloadInfo
com/example/qqmusic/fragment/Fragment_first.java
 com.example.qqmusic.fragment.Fragment_first
com/example/qqmusic/activity/fourthActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.fourthActivity
com/example/qqmusic/downFragment/Fragment_second.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downFragment.Fragment_second
com/example/qqmusic/downLoad/thirdActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.thirdActivity
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.thirdActivity$1
com/example/qqmusic/player/song.java
 com.example.qqmusic.player.song
com/example/qqmusic/Server/DownLoadService.java
 com.example.qqmusic.Server.DownLoadService
 com.example.qqmusic.Server.DownLoadService$1
 com.example.qqmusic.Server.DownLoadService$DownLoadBinder
com/example/qqmusic/activity/secondActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.secondActivity
com/example/qqmusic/playerfragment/ad_3.java
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.ad_3
com/example/qqmusic/activity/homeActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.homeActivity
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.homeActivity$MyPageChangeListennr
com/example/qqmusic/downLoad/DownLoadTask.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.DownLoadTask
com/example/qqmusic/downFragment/Fragment_thrid.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downFragment.Fragment_thrid
com/example/qqmusic/search/searchActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.search.searchActivity
com/example/qqmusic/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.qqmusic.BuildConfig
com/example/qqmusic/playerfragment/ad_2.java
 com.example.qqmusic.playerfragment.ad_2
com/example/qqmusic/activity/registerActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.registerActivity
com/example/qqmusic/downLoad/Dao.java
 com.example.qqmusic.downLoad.Dao
com/example/qqmusic/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.MainActivity
com/example/qqmusic/activity/loginActivity.java
 com.example.qqmusic.activity.loginActivity
